I hope to inspire you to live your
truest self your best version of
yourself and to live with your highest
energy possible because again your
energy your vibration that you carry
with yourself is so important it
dedicates how long you live it dedicates
how healthy you are and it dedicates how
happy you
are hi guys and welcome back to my
channel my my name is Mika and if you're
new here I like to talk about my life
purpose I like to share my journey to
find my life purpose and I want to
inspire you to also find your life
purpose or better said find your fire in
life find this one thing or these many
things find your excitement always look
after your highest excitement and be
aware
of your energies be aware of how you
feel in life and today's video I want to
start actually with a task I want to
give you a task and I ask you to stop
the video for some minutes and think
about or write down what do you do in
life right now how it makes you feel how
is your energy level
throughout the day while
doing and what is your intention behind
that and then also be clear what you
need right now or if you tried to
manifest things if you tried to attract
things in your life and you said or you
did some affirmations and you said I
want money I
want or I am rich I am loved whatever
your affirmations are what's behind find
that so what do you want what are you
looking for in life right now and when
you are clear of that when you have some
points for yourself for your life then
come
back I want to continue here with a
short explanation so what do I mean with
what's my intention behind something I
do um intention behind for examp example
I'm doing this video here right now and
my intention behind could be I want to
make money with YouTube I want to be
famous I want
to
be attracted by for other attractive for
other people for example or I want to be
recognized let's say like that
and it's important to know your
intention behind something because
sometimes we're doing things and we're
wondering
why do I not get the thing out of this
thing like why I'm doing this YouTube
video and why it does not have views why
it does not why it is not monetized yet
why I'm not making money out of that yet
right
so wondering why things not happening
it's because you are attached to the
outcome of what you do so if my
intention behind doing YouTube videos
would be to make money then I would be
attached to the outcome so I would lose
energy if the outcome would not come so
if if I'm not making money within the
next year and I'm doing YouTube videos
my energy would go down and I would just
stop doing YouTube videos and why is it
so important to see how your energy
level is or why why is it so important
to be aware of that your energy level
goes down or why is it so important even
to have a high energy with whatever
you're
doing I'm explaining to
you maybe you have heard that energies
Are vibrations and everything you
vibrate everything you feel every energy
or the energy you are carrying within
yourself within your M the moment the
life it's what you attract it's like a
radio when you want to tune
in you will when you are not in the
correct number there is no nothing to
tune in you will have no signal or bad
signal and immediately you got the right
numbers you got the right signal the the
right frequence the right vibration
immediately you get it you get your
radio sender you get your music you get
what you want to listen immediately and
it's the same with us humans we live
from or with or around vibrations we are
carrying vibrations and energies if you
want to understand or not it doesn't
really matter it's just important
to just listen and
then try to implement it in your life
I'm always a fan of do not understand
anything I'm saying just try it out and
if it works for you great if not
not I'm sure it works for you because it
does for me and for everyone around me
and that's why I'm sharing this so let's
get back to our vibration right so if my
vibration is low I'm receiving back low
vibration so if my vibration what then
let's get Back Again One Step your
question could be why is my vibration
low if I want to make money out of doing
YouTube videos or if my goal or my
intention behind doing personal
trainings or whatever behind my job is
why is the vibration low if I want to
get out money or if I want to get out
fame or if my intention is something to
get out the vibration is low because if
you want something you're always in the
vibration of luck in the energy of luck
and it's a very low
vibration now you will ask why am I in
the vibration of luck if I want
something let me ask you a
question who do you think want or needs
money a person who doesn't have
it or a person who thinks he or she
doesn't have it who is looking for love
a person who feels
unloved who is looking for fame a person
who wants to be recognized a person who
doesn't feel
recognized is it now more clear it's a
low vibration if you want something if
you need
something if I want money so bad and my
intention behind everything is just to
make money I know this outcome I can
already stop doing it because my energy
will be low and even if you don't
understand it I'm just asking you to
observe your energy while doing this
whatever it is while doing your job
while doing
doing your passion or while while doing
whatever you're doing how high is your
energy
level is it
like okay is it
like I'm getting really quick bored and
tired and sleepy and I'm starting to
yawn I'm feeling cold even though the
temperature is normal or is it I'm
feeling
hot I'm having this
life fire this fire for Life while doing
it I'm I'm just feeling energized as I
would have eaten a lot of sugar but
throughout the whole hours or days I'm
doing that
and if you just have this scale in your
head from feeling hot feeling cold
feeling a lot of energy suddenly or
being sleepy
tired then you know what kind of energy
you are in or what kind of vibration
you're sending out it's it's just easy
like this you don't even have to
understand right
now why is it a low vibration or why is
it a high vibration you can just feel it
and it's not lying if
you feel tired exhausted and drained you
you are in a low vibration and from this
low vibration you will not get what you
want and the next thing is to ask
yourself what's my intention behind what
I'm doing first question then how high
is my energy while I'm doing that and
then what can I do
else what you can do else is to do the
thing for the sake of of doing it once
you're detached from the outcome so now
I'm doing this video because to be
honest I had an argument today with one
of my friends and I felt so charged
while this argument I felt so so much
energy going through me and it was from
anger to frustration to yeah now I feel
hurt and to the person on opposite
understanding what I'm actually saying
so I just wanted to share with you and
also I want to share with you the
journey I'm going through right now and
I'm going through right now and to be
honest like two three weeks ago I was
still in a position where I would feel
very sleepy very tired
very apathic lethargic and I didn't
really feel or I didn't really have this
life fire this life life force this life
motivation anymore and now I'm just
trying new things out from doing YouTube
videos to doing Street interviews to so
many things
and I found that doing Street interviews
approaching random people talking to
random people laughing and having random
conversations gives me so much energy
and the person I'm doing that with was
supposed to or I thought is having the
same purpose behind it so to do just for
the sake of doing it to find our own
purposes and that was not the case so
the person I did it with found while our
argument or conversation found out that
the reason the intention behind the
videos he did with me or the videos he
did for himself was to get clients in
real estate and not for the sake of
doing it and then he asked me but what
is your intention behind doing that and
I said um my intention behind doing it
is do it and he said no but what's your
intention why you do these videos and I
said there is no intention I just want
to feel life again I just felt through
through the First videos we did I just
felt such an extreme
energy I felt such an H
extreme life force going through me it's
like from nowhere from nothing I haven't
eaten anything I was tired it was the
end of the day and still there was
coming so much energy while doing that
so I knew I want to keep doing that
because it's for me
like it's better than food it gives me
energy and that's what I was looking for
because because again the vibration you
are in that's what is coming back and
before I was in the lowest vibration
possible to be lethargic to be apathic
to
be lifeless from the inside inside
without motivation is the lowest
vibration you can be in it's just before
death and I knew I need to get out of
this vibration I just cannot stay in
this vibration and and I tried things I
saw hey wow this does give me Life
Energy this is Extreme I like it I want
to do it more and now I got on one real
that I posted on Instagram which I
thought is ridiculous I didn't even want
to post it because it was so Random it
had somehow no really like it was not
not special it was not long it was just
out of the moment I just asked this
person something and it has now almost 2
million views from nothing and that's
what I'm telling you it's always the
vibration you send out if you send
vibration out from hey I don't care the
outcome I don't care I do it for the
sake of doing it I do it for the sake
of doing it there is no reason behind
I'm doing it for the sake of doing it
because it feels good
good you will get great results if you
are in a high vibration you are not
attached to the outcome and when you're
in a high vibration you're never
attached to the outcome then good things
happen then things happen and I didn't
want to believe it either but now I just
I just lived it like I just experienced
it and that's why I want to share also
on this video because
again it's so important to understand in
which energy we are and also my friend
as I told him like yeah but be clear
what do you actually want from this what
is your intention behind it and then he
he just realized hey yeah my intention
is to make money out of it to get
clients and he was so stuck in his head
to make the right thing and once he
didn't get enough views he he just lost
a lot of energy and he was doing half of
what I did on people asking or posting
because he lost energy of not getting
views of not getting the outcome he
wants and my first videos got maybe it
got very low views like there was like
now my first YouTube video got 170 views
and to be honest I don't care it's not
about the views it's not about the
outcome it's about me having fun doing
it me being in a high vibration and it
feels good to me and I want to encourage
you to with all this knowledge that I
gave you right now go through again what
do I want in life right now what or what
do you want in life right now what are
you doing in life right now what are
your intentions behind that and get
clear of what gives you high energy what
gives you high
vibrations and once you when you sit now
here and you say hey girl I don't know
what gives me high vibrations high
energy I have no idea I'm just living my
life I understand that and I just want
to encourage you again please go out try
things out me I was so scared of talking
to random people of just doing videos of
myself unedited of talking into the
camera I was so nervous of that I was so
afraid I'm doing videos since and
pictures on Instagram since years but I
was always afraid to talk into the
camera I was always afraid to be my true
authentic self
and now I'm just doing it I because I
see everything that is the most
uncomfortable that seems like I can't do
it or I I am having such a big fear of
doing it when you have something like
that if you feel like hey I'm fearing
this or that so much do it just do it
the one thing that you fear most is most
probably your life purpose is most
probably giving you this life force
giving you this life energy and it's
solving all your problems it's solving
all your wishes it's solving everything
and even though it hasn't solved
everything for me yet I know I'm on my
right way and again I'm sharing my way
with you because I'm coming from just a
few weeks ago from not knowing what to
do with my life to today feeling
empowered and feeling full of energy
it's late at night it's 10: p.m. here
and I said I want to do this video I
want to share my knowledge I want to
share what I just experienced and I want
to I just want to inspire you to do as
well I just want you to feel this life
force because it's un uncomparable with
anything else you have ever experienced
and it's so so so worth it it's I would
say without this life force it's without
this life energy without this energy
from within without this feeling of wow
this feels this just feels like so good
without this feeling I don't think life
is life does have much sense it's
like how can you not find it how can you
not have the desire to find it I know
you have and I know you can and I know
it's not
easy but I want to encourage you again
just try things try things try to be
uncomfortable in everything and anything
and do
it and find your highest excitement and
always so I want to continue here also
let me take and I want to continue you
here with saying that if it's now this
one thing that gives you a lot of energy
it's not set in stone it doesn't mean
that this you have to identify yourself
with this and you cannot do anything
else or nothing else can give you energy
just accept it in the moment feel it in
the moment if right now you get energy
from talking to guys go out talk to more
guys just do it it's not so important to
know why do I get this right now I think
it's just important to be in a high
vibration be high in energy
and nothing else matters to be honest
nothing else matters everything else
will fall in place always I want to
finish this video with saying whatever
you're going through in life right now
it's not over
and if it's good or bad everything good
will have an end and everything bad will
have an end it's never coming without we
are living with the law of polarity and
it's always
every feminine comes with a masculine
every dark comes with light every sunset
comes with a sunrise and that's just how
life is so accept it live with it create
the best version of yourself and always
always always live your truest self live
your authenticity and understand your
truest authenticity is always the most
attractive to everyone around you if you
want to whatever you want to reach
always be your truest self because there
is no one out there like you there is no
no one out there looking like you
talking like you being like you having
the same energy like you stay to your
truest self find out who you are and be
you and then just be don't try to be
someone else everyone is trying to be
someone else you just try stay yourself
and be I'm getting distracted by my cids
right now so I I think I'm going to
finish this video I'm super grateful
that you were listening to me I hope I
could inspire you I hope you can
understand or even if you don't
understand please try it out and come
back to me if it didn't work out come
back to me if it did work
out and again thank you for watching
thank you for
listening I wish you a wonderful rest of
the day and I will see you in the next
next video I love you so much
bye-bye hey what's going on with
you is it the
B leave me a comment if you have any
suggestions if you have any questions so
I can address them in my next video
leave me a like if you want to support
me subscribe if you want to see more
1,000 kisses and bye-bye hi